Update experiments.md (#8199)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_wide/feature_flags/experiments.md

To edit, add, or remove additional default properties, edit the feature flag itself from **Messaging** > **Feature Flags**.

> When a variant is disabled, the SDK will return an empty array of feature flag properties for the given feature flag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a variant is disabled, the SDK will return an empty properties object for the given feature flag. 
```
